---
title: Feb 27th, 2021
---

## 晨记
## TODO
### 漫游
### DONE 收集dme信息
:PROPERTIES:
:now: 1614438225778
:later: 1614438215804
:done: 1614438249032
:END:
### LATER NLU cw2
:PROPERTIES:
:later: 1614438224314
:END:
## DME presentation information
:PROPERTIES:
:id: 603a5b96-196e-4dca-92ff-a2169fb0b786
:END:
### team ID 40
### paper 1
### class 2
### session 6
### Each team will prerecord an 8-minute presentation that needs to be shared ahead of time (instructions will be provided on the website). Each student has to speak for about 2 minutes. 每队讲8分钟，每人2分钟
### During class hours from Week 8 onwards, in each class, there will be Q&A sessions for 7-8 teams (papers).
### Each Q&A session will take about 5-6 mins. 课堂上QA5分钟
### Those students attending a session will be expected to have watched the video presentations ahead of time. 要提前看别组视频
### The engagement component changes slightly. It will have two parts:
#### Each student must first choose a different paper from what they will present, but in the same topic as their own. 在PCA里面另外找一篇感兴趣的论文
#### Prior to the session:
##### Each student will provide a brief summary of the chosen paper and also a list of questions (2-3) for the presenters of that paper. 写一个概述，两三个问题
#### After the session:
##### Each student will answer a questionnaire about the quality and relevance of the presentation with regard to their chosen paper. 给别人评分，包括质量和相关性
### Note: Each student only needs to attend the session where their chosen paper is being presented. However, you are of course welcome to also attend other sessions!
## DME mini-project information
:PROPERTIES:
:id: 603a5c06-cd61-464b-a743-2098b7c2231e
:END:
### Predicting cuisines of recipes
## DME team information
:PROPERTIES:
:id: 603a5e9b-b946-41ee-9a71-940f862daeac
:END:
### s2119299-weijian zhang
### s2018229-xi zhao
### s2093718-yunbo liu
### s2060292-shifeng xu
## [[DME Presentation]]
## [[DME mini-project]]
## 晚记
### 梦中外公家里养了只好大的乌龟，有脸盆那么大。好几百岁，身体是玉白色。好好看。
## 任务
###
